.TH qrgen 1 "February 2011" 
.SH NAME
qrgen - a QR Code generator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B qrgen 
.RB [ \-m
.IR "mode" ]
.RB [ \-e 
.IR "errorCorrectionLevel" ]
.RB [ \-v 
.IR "version" ]
.RB [ \-w ]
.RB [ \-f
.IR "filename" ]
.RB [ \-s
.IR "size" ]
.RB [ \-h ]
.RB [ \-v ]
.IR  data\  ... 

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
XX
.PP
XX

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BI \-m\  encode_mode ,\ --mode\  encode_mode
Encoding Mode. Use 
.I a
for alphanumeric, 
.I n
for numeric or 
.I b
for binary encodation.
Default:
.IR b .
 

.TP
.BI \-e\  level ,\ --eclevel\  level
Error Correction Level. Use
.I l
(7%) for low,
.I m
(15%) for medium
.I q
(25%) for more or
.I h
(30%) for high. 
Default:
.IR h .


.TP
.BI \-v\  version ,\ --symbol-version\  version
Version. The specified version must be between and including 1 and 40. 
If the version is 0, the programm chooses the smallest possible version itself.
Version 1 has a size of 21x21, with every step the size size of a version increases by 4. Version 2 has a size of 25x25, version 3 is 29x29 and version 40 is 144x144.
Default:
.IR 0 .

.TP
.BR \-w ,\  --window
Displays the qrcode in a window

.TP
.BR \-f\  file ,\ --file\  file
Save the qrcode to the specified
.I file
.RB If\  -f
is not set, the programm displays the qrcode in a window.
NOTE: Only png and svg are supported.

.TP
.BR \-s\  size ,\ --size\  size
Size of the qrcode in pixels.
Default: 200.

.TP
.BR \--
Ignore the rest of the labeled arguments following this flag.

.TP
.B --version
Display version information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-h ,\  --help
Display usage information and exit.

.SH EXAMPLES
.SH FILES
.PP
.SH BUGS
.SH AUTHOR
Joel Sutter (joel.sutter.dev@gmail.com)
